Update release document (#144)
mesosphere/kubernetes-base-addons: RELEASE.md

## Process

### Testing Release (Second and Forth Thursday)

On the second and forth _**Thursday**_, this repository should be branched for SOAK testing by setting the `testing` branch to the head of master and force-pushing.

- This set of Addons are installed into the SOAK cluster.

### Stable Release (Second and Forth Wednesday)

On the second and forth _**Wednesday**_:

- Using automation, parse the PR logs in the `testing` branch for release notes and generate and commit a Changelog.md
- One _**tag**_ is made for the each supported version of Kubernetes with a consistent semver suffix

> - If the current version of Kubernetes is `1.17.2`, and the last release was `stable-1.17-1.2.x`, the new SOAK tag will be `release-1.17-1.3.0`

Reviewer: this might not always the case. e.g. when breaking changes occur, this example would be `release-1.17-2.0.0`

> - The same semver portion of the tag `1.3.0` is used for each supported kubernetes version, the new tags being `release-1.16-1.3.0`, and `release-1.15-1.3.0`

Reviewer: 🙇 👍

- These tag versions, in the form of `release-<major>.<minor>-<semver>`, only the `<major>.<minor>` refer to the kubernetes version.
  The api within a minor version should not be changing so there should never be a need to refer to the kubernetes patch version.
- As a standing agenda item in sig-ksphere-catalog, vote go/no-go on the release of the Addons that have been SOAK tested.
- Merge the `testing` branch into the `stable` branch<sup>[3](#footnote3)</sup>
- Announce the release.

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: Based on a two-week soak cycle. If we can have overlapping soak clusters, we can accelerate this.

<a name="footnote2">2</a>: A supported Addon is one which has been tested to work in concert with other Addons in the same release. This suite of Addons, as a whole, constitute a set for which D2iQ customers can get support with their software contract. Variations from the configurations and suite of Addons are not expected to be the responsibility of D2iQ support.

> <a name="footnote3">3</a>: In the future, there may need to be multiple `stable` branches as needed to maintain our support commitment.

Reviewer: This would not only be true for stable branches, given we had the breaking change mentioned above, `master` might be on `2.0.0` but we still need to support `1.x` versions. that said, we might need to have `stable-1.x`, `testing-1.x` _and_ `dev-1.x` branches.

> **NOTE:** This document is governed by kep sig-ksphere-cluster/20200218-kubernetes-base-addon-release-process.md

Reviewer: `sig-ksphere-cluster`? 🤔

### Testing Release (Weekly, Thursday)

Every other _**Thursday**_, this repository should be tagged for SOAK testing as follows:

- Using automation, parse the PR logs for release notes and generate and commit a Changelog.md
- One _**tag**_ is made for the each supported version of Kubernetes with an incremented release counter
- If the current version of Kubernetes is `1.17.2`, and the last release was `stable-1.17-1.5.x`, the new SOAK tag will be `testing-1.17-1.6.0`.

> - For the previous Kubernetes version, the last release may have been `stable-1.16-1.9.x`. The new tag for this Kubernetes version is `testing-1.16-1.10.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For the previous Kubernetes version, the last release may have been `stable-1.16-1.5.x`. The new tag for this Kubernetes version is `testing-1.16-1.6.0`.
```

Author: changed

> - The oldest supported release similarly might be `testing-1.15-1.27.0` for a prior `stable-1.15-1.26.x`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The oldest supported release similarly might be `testing-1.15-1.6.0` for a prior `stable-1.15-1.5.x`.
```

- These tag versions, in the form of `major.minor-semver`, only the `major.minor` refer to the kubernetes version. The api within a minor version should not be changing so there should never be a need to refer to the kubernetes patch version.

> **NOTE:** If a breaking change causes a diversion from an older release of Kubernetes to a newer one, prior to tagging the older version must be branched, ie. `stable-1.16-1.9.0` would become `stable-1.16`, the changes since the `stable-1.16-1.9.0` tag would be merged into this branch, and the new _tag_ would still be `testing-1.16-1.10.0` but pointing to the last change on the `stable-1.16` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If a breaking change causes a diversion from an older release of Kubernetes to a newer one, prior to tagging the older version must be branched, ie. commit that has tag `*-1.5.0` would used to branch off `1.x`, the changes since the `*-1.5.0` tags would be merged into this branch, and the next _tag_ from master would be `*-2.0.0`
```

Reviewer: ^ this might need more clarification

Author: I've pushed this out of the document for now. Will resolve in the kep.
